Clean up readme and install docs (#5287)
plone/volto: docs/source/getting-started/others.md

In recent years the React based Volto frontend for Plone has been presented in more and more talks at our yearly Conferences.

### PloneConf 2023

- [State of Plone Keynote](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl19wuC0wtw&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=1)
- [Piero Nicolli - Theming Volto in 2024](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkPOsIn1jYY&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=6)
- [Víctor Fernández de Alba - Breaking boundaries: Plone as headless CMS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43LVtjYyo28&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=7)
- [Rob Gietema - How to build a site using Nick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbdYvNAnamM&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=18)

> - [Alok Kumar - Is your Volto addon developer friendly?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6fH3NhR2Hc&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=20)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Alok Kumar - Is your Volto add-on developer friendly?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6fH3NhR2Hc&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=20)
```

> - [Dylan Jay & Jefferson Bledsoe - How to implement a Gov Design System in Plone 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XmKc7jNIE8&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=25)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dylan Jay and Jefferson Bledsoe - How to implement a Gov Design System in Plone 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XmKc7jNIE8&list=PLGN9BI-OAQkSXMXVBXLWQAQr0AF2xM_NU&index=25)
```
